ID	Desc

1	Blessed by the Taishi Dao. The success rate of spectre/spirit/Tao refinement increase by 10%.
2	Blessed by the Taiyi Dao. The rate of genius at the Immortal Destiny fair increases.
3	Blessed by the Taiyi Dao. There will be at least one special people(reincarnators) at the Immortal Destiny fair.
4	Blessed by the Taiyi Dao. The rate of genius when recruiting at agencies increases.
5	Blessed by the Taixuan Dao. The scale of social favor increases by 50%.
6	Blessed by the Taixuan Dao. The scale of sect favor increases by 50%.
7	Blessed by the Taixuan Dao. The scale of agency influence increases by 50%.
8	Blessed by the Taixuan Dao. The speed of animal gaining intellegence increases by 50%.
9	Blessed by the Taixuan Dao. The speed of getting inspirations increases by 50%.
10	Blessed by the Taixu Dao. The rate physical cultivators get essence increases by 50%.
11	Blessed by the Taixuan Dao. The scale of Shendao cultivators gaining faith increases by 50%.
12	Bless for newcomers. Mine and Plant production increase by 50%.
13	Bless for newcomers. All disciples gain 30 base mood.
14	Bless for newcomers. All disciples gain 30 mind state.
15	Bless for newcomers. All disciples gain 1 extra five basic attibute when creating.(Reincarnators not included)
16	"By using the authority of the Taixuan Dao, drive a world merchant to come."
17	Bless for newcomers. Summon the Immortal's Bless weather.
18	Bless for newcomers. Dispel most weathers.
19	Bless for newcomers. Revive a character.
20	"Blessed by the Taishi Dao. If you are not satisfied with the artifact forge result, you can reforge it.(You can use it on the result panel after the artifact forging.)"
21	"By using the authority of the Taishi Dao, if you are not satisfied with some event results, you can re-choose.(You can use it on the event panel after some selectable events.)"
22	"By using the authority of the Taixuan Dao, if you are not satisfied with remold results, you can re-choose.(You can use it on the remold result panel.)"
